TITLE: Probe under PMLA Act: ED conducts searches at 15 locations, including medical colleges
AUTHOR: Devesh K. Pandey
DATE: 2025-11-27T06:49:49
TEXT: November 27, 2025 e-Paper
The View From India Looking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
First Day First Show News and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's Cache Your download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For All The weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data Point Decoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health Matters Ramya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On Books Books of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
Updated - November 27, 2025 12:26 pm IST - NEW DELHI
Representational image only. Photo Credit: X/@dir_ed
| Photo Credit:
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) is conducting searches at 15 locations across Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, in and around Delhi, in connection with the alleged bribes paid to government officials, including those of National Medical Commission (NMC).
According to the agency sources, the searches are part of the ongoing probe under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, based on a case registered by the Central Bureau of Investigation on June 30.
As alleged, bribes had been paid in lieu of disclosing confidential information pertaining to the inspection of medical colleges to the key managerial persons related to medical colleges and middlemen, which enabled them to manipulate the parameters and obtain approval for running academic courses at the medical colleges.
The locations covered during the searches include seven premises of medical colleges in multiple States and certain private persons named as accused in the CBI FIR.
Published - November 27, 2025 12:19 pm IST
corruption & bribery / fraud / economic offence/ tax evasion / Delhi / New Delhi
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions | Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by our community guidelines for posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.